# GetData Course Project CodeBook
The tidy dataset produced by the run_analysis script produces a row of accelerometer data for each activity performed for each test subject across both the training and the testing input data sets.  The accelerometer data has been subselected such that only the standard deviations and sums variables remain.  

## Input Files
Data was processed from testing and training dataset generated by subjects wearing a Samsung smartphone while performing numerous activities.  Descriptions of this data set can be found here:
http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones

## Variables
The measurements can be grouped into two families of variables:  those sampled in a time-series, and observations that have been shifted into a frequency domain by use of a Fourier transform.  For each observation, the subject and his/her position are captured.  The columns for each observation are as follows:

Subject, Activity, Measurements[...]

Subject and Activity are both identifiers.  The Subject ID indicates which test subject performed the activity. The activity ID indicates which activity was being performed, and can be translated to a text description using the following enumeration:
- 1 -> WALKING
- 2 -> WALKING_UPSTAIRS
- 3 -> WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS
- 4 -> SITTING
- 5 -> STANDING
- 6 -> LAYING

Measurements are a sequence of variables that represent the mean and standard deviations from the accelerometer data generated by the study.  All units for accelerometer data is in gravity units (g).

